Include adding openshift permissions in the install steps (#91)
banzaicloud/koperator-docs: docs/install-kafka-operator.md

    prometheus-kafka-prometheus-0             2/2     Running   1          16m
    ```

1. If you are installing {{< kafka-operator >}} on Red Hat OpenShift, set the following permissions.

    - Allow {{< kafka-operator >}} components to run as any uid:

        ```bash
        oc adm policy add-scc-to-group anyuid system:serviceaccounts:kafka
        ```

    - Set this permission also to the `ServiceAccountName` you use for your Kafka cluster brokers provided in the KafkaCluster custom resource.

        ```bash

>         oc adm policy add-scc-to-group anyuid system:serviceaccounts:{KAKFA_CLUSTER_BROKER_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        oc adm policy add-scc-to-user anyuid system:serviceaccount:{NAMESPACE_FOR_SERVICE_ACCOUNT}:{KAKFA_CLUSTER_BROKER_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME}
```
